welcome to open box educational in this
video you will know about comparison all
by CMOS CMOS and bipolar technologies if
you like this video please share and
subscribe open box education bipolar
technology following are the
characteristics or benefits of bipolar
technology higher switching speed it
offers high current drive per unit area
and high gain generally better noise
performance and better high frequency
characteristics it has better analog
capability compared to others
improved IO speed it offers high power
dissipation lower input impedance that
is high Drive current
this bipolar technology has low packing
density low voltage swing logic it
offers lower delay sensitivity to load
high transconductance that is GM it
offers high unity gain band width at low
current they are basically
unidirectional devices
CMOS technology following are the
characteristics or benefits of CMOS
technology it offers high noise margins
it has low static power dissipation
compared to other technologies it offers
high packing density it offers high
yield along with large integrated
complex functions it has low
manufacturing cost per device scaleable
threshold voltage it has high input
impedance and low drive current
in CMOS technology it offers higher
delay sensitivity to load that is it has
fan-out limitation it has lower
transconductance it has lower output
drive current this will have issue while
driving higher capacitive loads a near
ideal switching device bi-directional
capability drain and source are
interchangeable
by CMOS technology following other
characteristics off by CMOS technology
by CMOS combines both bipolar and CMOS
technologies in single IC as we know
CMOS has merits over bipolar in areas of
low power dissipation large noise
margins and greater packing densities
bipolar has merits over CMOS in areas of
faster switching speed and large current
capabilities bi CMOS utilizes benefits
of both bipolar and sea wasp ecologies
thank you very much please share and
subscribe open box education